hello Scott seven chat that DK here give
you a video tutorial how to use a
current cheat code measure just open it
up okay here you should have it first
just put the get ready
yeah just give you five I believe that
say from black ops black ops for us a
virgin okay once you've done that you
started and you started at a keen got an
orange just okay HP zombies okay some
that night click on it should pop up
here and just paste the code the code
for infinite HP zombies okay you've done
that
okay now you should first check it over
their store modifications now you're
ready to put exported gzt this might pop
up might not but just in case right
click on do okay now there's pops up and
just wherever you want
save it I don't have anything right now
just for store and I should save on
whatever that either flash drive or SD
card should say loader optical or
ocarina and it should work
thank you for watching this Evan cut
chat that DK remember to rate subscribe
and comment peace